first make directory using mkdir directoryname. second the initialize the git using like this mkdir GitProjects, git init GitProjects
After initiallization check the status using git status
u should run this after a clone.its get on branch master /n No commits yet 
 in master branch some untracked files are in redcolor showing like gitInfo.txt init.txt
 use add command for untracked files into tracked files.use git add .its all files in the folder and make them be tracked
when u enter git add . then all files are tracked and color also change is green color
green means git tells us the files are new file. Now there are tracked and staged
 git add take a path name for either a file or a directory 
 if u want to remove any file like test.txt using git rm --cached test.txt
 if u changes in any file then its check status its show the modified that filename in red color then u added to git change into new file.
configure mail or name using git
now we commited above things .useing git commit like git commit -m m means commit message
 git log shows the name,email,message for the operation
 after modified the file init.txt .then check the log
after status is done then using commit .
modified the any file using the process below
if the failed bcz its not in staged area 
 we run the git add its use multiple purpose .1)it to begin tracking new file,to stage files,to other things like merge conflicte files as resolved.
[master f1a0ad0] its added to remote .modified text
 1 file changed, 3 insertions(+)
 if any modifie the file. then its put them into the staging area 
now we discuss the git diff 
 git status is not exactly what we changed .then we are using git diff
 git diff mostly used .1)what have we changed but not yet staged? .2) what have we staged that we are about to commit? git status answers those questions But git diff shows the exactlines added and removed.
 we have changed but not yet staged 
file rename using directly working folder 
using gitconfig for name and email
now we are working on remote repository
